DOCS-3120 APM docs restructure (#14417)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/dotnet-framework.md

  - link: "/tracing/runtime_metrics/dotnet/"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Runtime metrics"
  - link: "/serverless/azure_app_services/"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Microsoft Azure App Service extension"
  - link: "/tracing/visualization/"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Explore your services, resources, and traces"
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/net-monitoring-apm/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: ".NET monitoring with Datadog APM and distributed tracing"
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/asp-dotnet-core-monitoring/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Monitor containerized ASP.NET Core applications"
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/deploy-dotnet-core-aws-fargate/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Monitor containerized ASP.NET Core applications on AWS Fargate"
  - link: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/tree/master/tracer/samples"
    tag: "GitHub"
    text: "Examples of custom instrumentation"
  - link: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet"
    tag: "GitHub"
    text: "Source code"
---
## Compatibility requirements

### Supported .NET Framework runtimes
The .NET Tracer supports instrumentation on .NET Framework 4.6.1 and above.

> For a full list of supported libraries and processor architectures (including older versions of .NET Framework), see [Compatibility Requirements][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of supported libraries and processor architectures (including older versions of .NET Framework), see [Compatibility Requirements][1].
```

   The value for the `<APP_DIRECTORY>` placeholder is the path to the directory containing the application's `.dll` files. The value for the `COR_PROFILER_PATH` environment variable varies based on the system where the application is running:

   Operating System and Process Architecture | COR_PROFILER_PATH Value
   ------------------------------------------|----------------------------
   Windows x64      | `<APP_DIRECTORY>\datadog\win-x64\Datadog.Trace.ClrProfiler.Native.dll`
   Windows x86      | `<APP_DIRECTORY>\datadog\win-x86\Datadog.Trace.ClrProfiler.Native.dll`

2. For standalone applications, manually restart the application.

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

### Configure the Datadog Agent for APM

[Install and configure the Datadog Agent][2] to receive traces from your instrumented application. By default, the Datadog Agent is enabled in your `datadog.yaml` file under `apm_config` with `enabled: true` and listens for trace traffic on `http://localhost:8126`.

For containerized, serverless, and cloud environments:

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Containers" %}}

1. Set `apm_non_local_traffic: true` in the `apm_config` section of your main [`datadog.yaml` configuration file][1].

> 2. See the specific setup instructions to ensure that the Agent is configured to receive traces in a containerized environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. See the specific setup instructions to configure the Agent to receive traces in a containerized environment:
```
